Adjusting for customer flow if they land on API page first (#21772)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/webhooks.md

ms.date: 09/10/2022
---

# Microsoft Graph API change notifications

Namespace: microsoft.graph

This document provides technical details for  the change notifications APIs in Microsoft Graph.  For details on getting started using these APIs, including how to subscribe to and handle incoming notifications, please start here: [Set up notifications for changes in user data](/graph/webhooks).

> The Microsoft Graph REST API uses a webhook mechanism to deliver change notifications to clients. A client is a web service that configures its own URL to receive notifications. Client apps use notifications to update their state upon changes.

Reviewer: Avoid the "webhook mechanism" sentence because we have three delivery modes today and one coming soon, I believe?
```suggestion
The Microsoft Graph REST API allows you to set up and receive change notifications for specific resources. A client is a web service that configures its own URL to receive notifications. Client apps use notifications to update their state upon changes.
```
